hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is a series where I teach
English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground
up and today we're going to continue my
ADV
Adventure so in the last video I left
off right here deep underground and
surrounded by spiders I can hear lots of
spiders around me all
right I left off here in an abandoned M
shaft where I've
found 32
diamonds so I'm going going to continue
my search for diamonds in this m shaft
there's a little waterfall right
here I'm going to block off this
water there we go let's continue this
way
torch more
diamonds die
creeper don't break the
diamonds okay wow I've already found
more diamonds
there are tons of diamonds down here I'm
going to place a torch and collect these
diamonds with my enchanted
pickaxe
anymore okay just one
Diamond ooh it's dark up
there I'm going to explore up
there okay okay
torch oh more
cobwebs there's probably another spawner
over
here yep I can see it I can see the
spawner
uhoh spider spider no die die
die I need to break
it
okay I broke it now I need to
eat nothing it
stops okay back this
way I see more
diamonds
diamonds I'm going to fix the floor I'm
fixing the floor right
here so I don't fall down
down there
okay I'm going to collect the
diamonds more
diamonds all
right 37
diamonds uh-oh more
cobwebs probably another
spawner
break break okay there we
go a and it looks like it stops right
here
whoa I can see a
spider
whooh die die
die that spider was hiding in the
corner I blocked it die die die
die okay all right I want to explore
this area a little bit more because this
area is huge there has to be diamonds
down
here block
die
ha I got
him
okay I'm going to load my crossbow
load okay now it's ready to
fire
torch whoa lots of
creepers
uhoh
uhoh uhoh uhoh run run run run run I
need to
run okay I'm going to
eat I'm waiting while I heal a little
bit
whoa what is
this die zombie
die I think that is a lava dripping from
the
ceiling what is this white
stone
oh uh-oh
these are
amethysts
amethyst all right I'm going to collect
some of these
amethysts okay going to eat a potato I'm
at 39
potatoes and I'm going to collect some
amethyst
it
disappeared
whoa I can't collect
them okay there we
go um I'll throw away a
flower
all right I'll go back
up up up up
up diamonds more
diamonds any monsters
around no
okay time to collect more
diamonds
wow
wow that was a lot of diamonds let's see
I'm up to 52
diamonds okay pretty soon I'm going to
go back home and drop off my
diamonds I'm going to continue slowly
this
way
torch okay die die
die more skele skons over there and over
there die
die die die all
right I love my
shield
o
whoa another creeper
the knockback 2 enchantment on my sword
is really helpful for keeping aake
creepers
who there's lava and water right next to
each other
here well I'm going to build a bridge
across this
lava this is pretty
dangerous
okay we're safe I'm going to start
heading back up to the
surface up up
up
whoa glowing
squids
die I collected six glowing ink sacks
okay I'm going to continue
upward up up
up I'm going to swim up the
waterfall up up up up up oh I think I
can see the
surface up that way
zombie die die
the
surface
wow it's night
time
whoa look at that floating island right
there it's floating in the
air okay back
up all right the
surface
well now it's time to find my way back
home the sun is coming
up all right great okay I'm going to get
out my
map let's
see map so luckily this time I wrote
down the coordinates of my
house
um let's
see okay so I think I need to go this
way this
way some
horses hello horse this horse is
brown this horse is also
Brown hello
horse I don't have a saddle wow there
are tons of animals around here there
are
pigs and
sheep oh it's the
jungle okay I think I know where I
am there's the broken nether
portal
okay I'm going to try jumping down into
the
river
jump okay few my home is this
way I'm swimming
home with the
squids uh-oh uh-oh that was a
drowned I think I can remain underwater
for
longer because of my
helmet because of my respiration 3
enchantment I think respiration 3 allows
me to stay underwater for a longer
time okay I'm getting close to my
house
it's just that
way aha my house I can see my
house and an
Enderman die die die
die
oh I'm almost there
all right we made
it my fishing Hut
and my
home my home awesome
so I guess I'll start by putting away
all of these
things wow I found lot of great things
on that
Adventure
okay so with my diamonds I'm going to
build a diamond chest plate and diamond
leggings and then I'm going to enchant
them so let's
see diamond
leggings
and and a diamond chest plate
there we go now let's go over to the
enchantment room and enchant
them
jump I have 36 experience
points all right here we are and as
always I forgot to bring lapis lazuli
but thankfully I left some lapis in this
chest lapis lazuli all right it's time
to
enchant these pieces of diamond armor
we'll start with the chest
plate all right here we
go Thorns one fire protection three
Unbreaking three and now the
leggings protection four Unbreaking
three cool time to put them on
chest
plates
leggings and now I have 10
armor
awesome okay I'm going to
sleep because it's night time all right
the next thing that I want to do is name
my pets so I received this
recommendation to name name my pet fish
swishy so I'm going to name this fish
swishy and of course I'm going to name
my pet parrot Steven all right so it's
time to go over to the
Anvil and put in a name
tag first I'm going to type
swishy s w i s h y
swishy and next I'm going to type Steven
s t v n
Steven there we go all right where is my
pet fish there you
are your name is now
swishy swishy
oh
oops I accidentally punched my
fish sorry
swishy and
now your name
is Steven Steven the parrot awesome and
even after I built all of that diamond
armor I still have 37 diamonds so so I
guess I'll build an enchanted diamond
axe
okay diamond
axe efficiency two there we
go so
now now I have a full set of enchant Ed
diamond tools I have a diamond pickaxe a
diamond shovel a diamond sword and a
diamond axe and they're all
Enchanted as well as a full set of
enchanted diamond armor I have a diamond
helmet a diamond chest plate diamond
leggings and diamond boots okay there's
one last thing that I want to
do let's see how do I build a note
block
note note block Wood and Redstone Dust
okay I'm going to build six note
blocks n o t e note note block 1 2 3 4
five
six note blocks
jump so note blocks make a sounds when
they're activated
listen
so I'm going to try connecting the note
blocks to my
machine okay let's see
maybe like
this I'm going to test this to see if it
works or
not it
works
[Music]
listen
creepers well time to repair this
hole all right there we
go do you hear the machine
activating when the machine activates
now it makes a sound it goes
D all
right so now I have a full set of
enchanted diamond armor
and a full set of enchanted diamond
tools so I think I'm finally ready to go
exploring more in the nether so in the
next video I'm going back to the nether
as Leo suggested in this comment to
hopefully find some netherite so I can
build a netherite
pickaxe but I'm going to end this video
right here so thank you so much for
watching if you liked this video you
could click the like button or subscribe
to my channel and as always I will see
you in the next video see
you on the coast wide open C where all
wories go to die